feel the cold grip of his presence since
the clammy excitement of his evil tastes
the shock fear that he alone can bring
Dracula's blood
this way gentlemen you know the way
these men thought they had tasted all
that life had to offer
ready when you are diplomats would you
be willing to sell your souls to the
devil if one thought that one's
experience might be extended it would be
extended to infinity this humble hair
Dracula is mad to choose his human
victims starless who are you how do you
know my name
Dracula is back to select his companions
in darkness
must die that he may live if you'll
shock easily stay away she's neither
dead nor alive the marks are lennick
she's a vampire
prepare yourself every nerve every
muscle no prepare yourself for the
greatest shock of all
you